.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

# Description

Provide a concise description of the changes in this pull request.

## Motivation
Explain why you are making these changes and what problem they solve.

## Relevant Issues
Link any related issues using GitHub's syntax, e.g., `Fixes #123` or `Closes #456`.

## Changes
List the changes you made in bullet points.

## New Dependencies
List any new dependencies (including dev dependencies) added in this PR.

## Change Magnitude
Select the option that best describes the size and impact of your change:

- **Major**: Large change that adds significant new functionality, changes existing 
behavior, or may affect many parts of the codebase.
- **Moderate**: Medium-sized change that adds or modifies a feature without large-scale 
impact.
- **Minor**: Small change such as a bug fix, small enhancement, or documentation update.

---

# Checklist

- [ ] I have created or claimed an issue for this work as described in 
[Contributing Code](https://github.com/camUrban/PteraSoftware/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#contributing-code).
- [ ] My branch is based on `main` and is up to date with the upstream `main` branch.
- [ ] All calculations use S.I. units.
- [ ] Code is formatted with [black](https://github.com/psf/black) (line length = 88).
- [ ] All new modules, classes, functions, and methods have docstrings in 
[reStructuredText format](https://realpython.com/documenting-python-code/).
- [ ] Code is well documented with block comments where appropriate.
- [ ] Code passes local automated checks (`codespell`, `black`, and `tests`).
- [ ] If any major functionality was added or significantly changed, I have added or 
updated tests in the `tests` package.
- [ ] Any external code, algorithms, or equations used have been cited in comments or 
docstrings.
- [ ] PR description links all relevant issues and follows this template.

---

Commit message:

Add docformatter to dev tools and update documentation standards
Integrated docformatter into pre-commit hooks and development requirements. Updated documentation in README, CONTRIBUTING, and PR template to require docformatter for docstrings and type hints for classes, functions, and methods. Improved and clarified docstrings in _meshing.py for consistency with new standards.

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

# Description
Provide a concise description of the changes in this pull request.

## Motivation
Explain why you are making these changes and what problem they solve.

## Relevant Issues
Link any related issues using GitHub's syntax, e.g., `Fixes #123` or `Closes #456`.

## Changes
List the changes you made in bullet points.

## New Dependencies
List any new dependencies (including dev dependencies) added in this PR.

## Change Magnitude
Select the option that best describes the size and impact of your change:

- **Major**: Large change that adds significant new functionality, changes existing 
behavior, or may affect many parts of the codebase.
- **Moderate**: Medium-sized change that adds or modifies a feature without large-scale 
impact.
- **Minor**: Small change such as a bug fix, small enhancement, or documentation update.

---

# Checklist

- [ ] I have created or claimed an issue for this work as described in 
[Contributing Code](https://github.com/camUrban/PteraSoftware/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#contributing-code).
- [ ] My branch is based on `main` and is up to date with the upstream `main` branch.
- [ ] All calculations use S.I. units.
- [ ] Code is formatted with [black](https://github.com/psf/black) (line length = 88).
- [ ] Code is well documented with block comments where appropriate.
- [ ] Any external code, algorithms, or equations used have been cited in comments or 
docstrings.
- [ ] All new modules, classes, functions, and methods have docstrings in 
[reStructuredText format](https://realpython.com/documenting-python-code/), and are 
formatted using [docformatter](https://github.com/PyCQA/docformatter) (--black).
- [ ] All new classes, functions, and methods use type hints.
- [ ] If any major functionality was added or significantly changed, I have added or 
updated tests in the `tests` package.
- [ ] Code locally passes all tests in the `tests` package.
- [ ] After pushing, PR passes all automated checks (`codespell`, `black`, and `tests`).
- [ ] PR description links all relevant issues and follows this template.

---
